Moving windows networking information to a new page (#31852)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service.md

| 1.10 | Beta (on by default)|
| 1.9 | Alpha |

> ## Windows {#dns-windows}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DNS resolution on Windows nodes {#dns-windows}
```

> - ClusterFirstWithHostNet is not supported. Windows treats all names with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ClusterFirstWithHostNet` is not supported on Windows nodes. Windows treats all names
  that contain a
```

Author: I was trying to avoid adding 'Windows node' here since `ClusterFirstWithHostNet` is a field specified in pod specs.

How does `ClusterFirstWithHostNet` is not supported for pods running on Windows nodes? 

What is and isn't supported on the nodes does seem to bleed through to what should and should not be specified in the pod specs. I'm not sure if should worry about that though.

  `.` as a FQDN and skips FQDN resolution.
- On Windows, there are multiple DNS resolvers that can be used. As these come with
  slightly different behaviors, using the
  [`Resolve-DNSName`](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/dnsclient/resolve-dnsname)
  powershell cmdlet for name query resolutions is recommended.

> - On Linux, you have a DNS suffix list, which is used when trying to resolve PQDNs. On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Linux, you have a DNS suffix list, which is used after resolution of a name as fully
  qualified has failed. Kubernetes configures DNS suffixes for resolution with this mechanism
  in mind.
```
?
